You're in business. Excellent. Thank you so much, Alan. We're so sorry to bother you. Oh, no worries. Just pay me if something goes wrong. Thank you. Thank you. Bye. Have a nice night. Thanks. Thank you so much. Yes. Ready, Diana, we could start the recording. So, well, as I told you, I have some questions. And I wanted to start a little understanding of the context. So, could you tell us a little about the age and grade of your daughter or child who has or has had an IEP? I have a child with an IEP from pre-K. She's 16. This, therefore, has been diagnosed with autism. And as time has grown, it has improved because it has worked a lot with him since childhood. Having an IEP to improve the progress of your education. It's progressed a lot. But yes, that I remember the previous IEPs that I was with my son, so I really beat it. I hit a lot. Because the translation of the district offers it after we have met with the teachers or the right people of the IEP. So, in order to get the document to my hands and the child, I would sign quickly and the child would receive the services, I would have to spend a lot of time. At least, maybe, up to a month, two months, as the translation arrives and you have to sign. And those days are days that the child too could do something and take advantage of all that time. I used his teachers a lot. He had a good relationship, he had a good relationship with the teachers and tried to grab the IEP and actually sign it in English, which is not my language, but I was trying to find help. But there are many families, not just me, who are still suffering that. And it is something that is frustrating because the child, instead of receiving the necessary support, is a delay for time, days and months, that the translation comes into the hands of one and can sign it. And that's where the boy's gone. It's one of the things I've been through. And, Diana, where do they send the translation? I mean, who takes care of those translations? The district. OK. But one has, one, the whole specialist, according to the specialist who needs to evaluate the child, everything is done in English. And of course all that draft is sent somewhere else. And now that he gets back to the father's hands, he has to understand to sign it. And so you can understand, because you have to spend your time. But I didn't do that. But I was surrounded by teachers who could guide me because I had a relationship with them. And, Diana, how did you communicate with the teachers? The teachers were bilingual? I mean, did they also speak Spanish? Yeah, because they're teachers at school. I chose to put the children into immersion, to English-Spanish. OK. OK. And he's had, alas, sorry, one of me. But if you had to describe your current level of participation in your child's education during the years that your child had an IEP, from 1 to 7, being 1 not very involved, up to 7 very involved, what score would you give? I didn't work. I got a 100% at school. I was a mother who worked a lot at volunteer school. Yeah, yeah. And did this allow you to have more relationship with teachers or with people who were near your child? Yeah. Yeah. That, I saw. I didn't really focus 100% on the child, but I was far off checking that I was actually getting services. And he also indirectly supported the child by making the courtyard, lunch, library, whatever, what was necessary to support the school. Right. How would you describe your experience in general with the IEP process? It takes a long time, it takes a long time. And it's times that kids could be taking advantage of. Sure. And could we share some specific challenge that, with which it has encountered in this IEP process? No. Well, yes, because it's having a child with a certain disability that sometimes one doesn't understand it and thinks one that is a normal child and is one, it's a father's emotion. That it comes wrapped in many things and then not understanding the language is another thing and not, and that they give us the papers to sign because the faster you sign one, the faster you access the program to the child. So, yeah, like sometimes one says, so what happens now if it's really what I'm signing or not? Sure. And how did you get these IEP documents? Did they get them in print or by some, digitally, in some email or something? How come you had access to those documents? The school already had it ready. OK. I mean, printed. When one makes an IEP, the whole table meets, either the psychologist, the speech therapist, the director, all, some teachers, meets one, all, give their point of view, how the child sees and everything. From there they send him and they send him to translation and that takes a lot to get him to our hands. And if one signed fast, I signed, I didn't expect the translation, I signed it because I trusted it and aside because I was involved there, I tried that I, and there was sometimes, there's a translator telling us, but it's not the same thing they're telling us to be signing a paper. What was written there. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And you felt included in the way you made decisions on these tables that were reunited? Did you feel included in those processes? Yeah. Yeah. OK. Did they always tell you clearly what the process was or what, how would they support your child? Yeah. Yeah, 'cause before I went in, at the table, I was getting ready. OK. I, like Mom, was preparing me a little more to investigate what I really had to ask for and what I saw at home and how the child unfolds. So, they saw the same thing, so we were working on the same page. OK, OK, OK. Yeah. What resources or support would you like to have to facilitate such participation in the IGP process and better understand the documents? Yeah, ask. Could you repeat the question? Yeah, sure. What resources or support would you like to have to better understand IGP documents or be able to participate more? That there was, I don't know, something to translate quickly and really see what was written. Because I read it. I did, well, I'm gonna sign it, but give me a chance for a while. I ran with a friendship that was a teacher. So, she read me very separately. OK. I mean, she was just reading and translating, telling her this is what she says here, this is what she says here. And he says, yeah, okay, you can sign it. Yeah, it's well specified. The child will receive things. And here he says how many hours, in what time, all that explained to me. But it had to happen the next day. Because I had that opportunity with them. But there are many families who don't have that for work or whatever, but they don't have a relationship sometimes with their teachers. Yeah. And, for example, how do you think that this access and that IP process could be improved justly for Hispanic-speaking families? Maybe creating a way to translate the quick document so that they will at least already understand and feel supported by families. Where I can include spellings, a grammar. And ensure that the text is well translated and easily understood. OK. And now I'm going to ask you some questions that have to do with the use of technology. Since we want to develop a technological tool, but it will be functional and serve you. On a scale from 1 to 7, what is your level of comfort and experience in using computers or mobile devices like a cell phone? A cell phone I can handle. OK. I can or could do something. But I'm talking about other families who sometimes didn't get to primary school or cost them a little bit, they'd have to give them a talk, teach, ask for help. Like a training or something accompanying this, this platform or this technology tool. Yeah. OK. Have you ever used any mobile app to access important information or online documents? Yeah. The Google. Oh, OK. Perfect. Perfect. Do you use Google to search or what do you use? Searches, to translate, things like that. OK. To translate what do you use? The Google Translate. OK. OK, OK. Perfect. Do you have experience downloading and installing mobile apps on your phone? Yeah. OK, perfect. How does it feel, then, a bit about the security or privacy of using these apps on the phone? Well, because no, I don't think he's holding up for, like for other people. It's as individual. OK. Yeah. Would you be willing to learn or use a mobile app or thinking at the time when you had to go through the IEPs of your child? Would you like to learn to use some mobile app to access and translate IEP documents? Of course I do. OK. And would you have any preference in the type of platform you would like to use? I mean, it was like a website like Google, right? It enters and seeks it or a downloading app. Maybe an app you download. An application. OK. Those were all the questions I had, but please, if you have anything else you would like to share or you would like to add, more than welcome. Yeah. This, I would like to see that sometimes translations or teachers speak with a few more words, I don't know how I'd say, loud to us. Then sometimes that makes us like not to understand at times. So, say, I've searched the Google, oh, that means. I was always looking, yeah. I think they should have a more or less profound knowledge of the language that is important to be able to use at the parent level, how they express and understand what they are saying in the talk. Yeah, sure. A question right now that came up with this that is telling me, when do you have these meetings with everyone? Are those meetings given in Spanish or is there someone who is translating you at the time? There's a translator. There's a translator. When a father is Hispanic, there must be a translator. OK. So, at meetings there's a translator always. There's always a translator. And only documents are all made in English. OK, yeah. OK, that was the only doubt I had left. We really appreciate your time and your participation in this. It's very good to talk to you. And so, understand the context, understand the process, understand what is not working in the process. Because, then, that. We would like to do something that is useful to you and your parents. Well, so far my son was from very, very, very severe, rather. And it's amazing, my son. Now you don't have the IP anymore, you have the 504 and it's on a high level. Let's say it's already beyond that, it's higher than it goes. And that makes me feel very good for my son. It's a great achievement he's made. I like it very much. I'm glad you share that. And, well, keep it that good and keep your son ahead forever. Thank you. Yeah. Well, look, Diana, we can contact us through Bethlehem whenever you want. Bethlehem has our mails. If some doubt arises at some point, she wants to share something else, through Bethlehem she has all our mails. And gladly you can write to us whenever you want. And we're gonna do what we're gonna do is we're gonna work on this. And I'd like to ask you, would it be okay if we contact you again? If we have anything else to present you or would like you to give us your opinion about some of the things we are developing. Yeah, of course I do. There's the number with Bethlehem. Or you can point it. There's my mail. Exactly, Bethlehem passed his mail. But thank you very much, thank you very much for that. I really appreciate it a lot. And most likely we contact her in the following weeks. Okay, okay. Thank you very much. Have a very nice night. Thank you. See you. See you. Bye, Brendan. Thank you very much. Talk to you soon.